so I'm here at the bumper and cleaner
environmental expo in louisville
kentucky and i'm with Hunter dance and
Hunter is one of the young guns on the
block as far as bait ruler is concerned
he knows more about babe ruder than
almost anybody in his industries so
hunter is there three things that you
could tell me about vapor uno that
people in Australia need to know about
how to control tree roots in their sewer
firstly why do we use by Prudhoe well
I'd say the number one reason why is you
know you can keep cutting the roots but
when you cut the roots that grow back
thicker and fast yet so it's like
pruning your Rose Bowl exactly bernini
rosebush cutting the lawn they're all
plants grow very similar to each other
so even the roots grow back thicker and
stronger and therefore they're going to
do more damage to your pipes absolutely
yeah not to mention the damage that
cutters can cause themselves and what we
wanted to create was a formula to kill
the roots and to get predictable results
when they're capable growing back for a
certain amount of time so if we if we
can retard the regrowth tree roots
that's going to maintain the life of
your sewer absolutely like I said
cutting from the damage from the cutter
can destroy the platform the group roots
grow back thicker and they grow back
faster it busts up the pipe more more
than
thicker and stronger and eventually you
would have to dig up that pipe unless
you start treating it chemically you can
dramatically long the life of that pipe
and the other the other advantage for
vibrator that I see is that is that we
can schedule to apply your vibrator
annually and if we do that then we
provide a guarantee with vapor enemies
so that if after we apply Bible ruler to
your sewer and you have a blockage
caused by tree roots of course then
we'll come back and clear your broccoli
your blockage for free so it's like an
insurance policy for your draining
absolutely job so how did to recap what
are the three main advantages of using a
prolific you clearance in your sewer or
three main advantages david is one you
want to kill the bruce in the line
without killing the trees right
we want to stunt agrestic people to grow
and back that's two and number three is
to prolong the life of that pipe as long
as possible without having to dig it up
that's three that sums it up thank you
how that thanks for joining us no
problem everything here cheers